Improved static pod task documentation (#16709)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/static-pod.md

## Create a static pod {#static-pod-creation}

> You can configure a static Pod in two different ways: either by using configuration file(s) or by HTTP.

Reviewer: I'd prefer to see inline links rather than separate bullet points. 
```suggestion
You can configure a static Pod with either a [file system hosted configuration file](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/static-pod/#configuration-files) or a [web hosted configuration file](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/static-pod/#pods-created-via-http).
```

2. Choose a directory, say `/etc/kubelet.d` and place a web server Pod definition there, e.g. `/etc/kubelet.d/static-web.yaml`:

    ```shell
    # Run this command on the node where kubelet is running
    mkdir /etc/kubelet.d/
    cat <<EOF >/etc/kubelet.d/static-web.yaml
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Pod
    metadata:
      name: static-web
      labels:
        role: myrole
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: web
          image: nginx
          ports:
            - name: web
              containerPort: 80
              protocol: TCP
    EOF
    ```

> 3. Configure your kubelet on the node to use this directory by running it with `--pod-manifest-path=/etc/kubelet.d/` argument. 

Reviewer: Please avoid trailing spaces.

Author: Trailing spaces removed.

refetches the manifest on a schedule. If there are changes to the list of static
Pods, the kubelet applies them.

> If you want to use this approach: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this approach: 
```

1. Create a YAML file and store it on a web server so that you can pass the URL of that file to the kubelet.

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Pod
    metadata:
      name: static-web
      labels:
        role: myrole
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: web
          image: nginx
          ports:
            - name: web
              containerPort: 80
              protocol: TCP
    ```

2. Configure the kubelet on your selected node to use this web manifest by running it with `--manifest-url=<manifest-url>`

    On Fedora, edit `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet` to include this line:

    ```
    KUBELET_ARGS="--cluster-dns=10.254.0.10 --cluster-domain=kube.local --manifest-url=<manifest-url>`
    ```

> 3. Now, restart the kubelet. On Fedora, you would run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Restart the kubelet. On Fedora, you would run:
```
